[docs] Unarchive relevant info about EAS Update asset caching (#28086)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/optimize-assets.mdx

- [`pngcrush`](https://pmt.sourceforge.io/pngcrush/)
- [`optipng`](http://optipng.sourceforge.net/)

Some image optimizers are lossless. They re-encode your image to be smaller without any change or loss in the pixels displayed. When you need each pixel to be untouched from the original image, a lossless optimizer and a lossless image format like PNG are a good choice.

Other image optimizers are lossy. The optimized image differs from the original image. Often, lossy optimizers are more efficient because they discard visual information that reduces file size while making the image look nearly identical to humans. Tools like `imagemagick` can use comparison algorithms like [SSIM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_similarity) to show how similar two images look. It's quite common for an optimized image that is over 95% similar to the original image to be far less than 95% of the original file size.

## Other assets

For assets like GIFs or movies, or non-code and non-image assets, it's up to the developer to optimize and minify those assets.

> **Note**: GIFs are a very inefficient format. Modern video codecs can produce smaller file sizes by over an order of magnitude.

> ## Publishing assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ensuring assets are included in updates
```

> When you publish your project, it will upload your assets to the CDN so that they may be fetched when users run your app. However, for assets to be uploaded to the CDN they must be explicitly required somewhere in your application's code. Conditionally requiring assets will result in the bundler being unable to detect them and therefore they will not be uploaded when you publish your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you publish an update, EAS will upload your assets to the CDN so that they may be fetched when users run your app. However, for assets to be uploaded to the CDN they must be explicitly required somewhere in your application's code. Conditionally requiring assets will result in the bundler being unable to detect them and therefore they will not be uploaded when you publish your project.
```
